2 Corinthians 1:7 And our hope for you is firm, because we know that just as you share in our sufferings, so also you share in our comfort.
2 Corinthians 10:4-5 The weapons we fight with are not the weapons of the world. On the contrary, they have divine power to demolish strongholds. We demolish arguments and every pretension that sets itself up against the knowledge of God, and we take captive every thought to make it obedient to Christ.
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come!
2 Timothy 1:7 For God did not give us a spirit of timidity, but a spirit of power, of love and of self-discipline.
Acts 1:11 This same Jesus, who has been taken from you into heaven, will come back in the same way you have seen him go into heaven.
Acts 10:43 Everyone who believes in him receives forgiveness of sins through his name.
Acts 16:31 Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved - you and your household.
Colossians 3:24 You will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward.
Colossians 3:4 When Christ, who is your life, appears, then you also will appear with him in glory.
Daniel 9:9 The Lord our God is merciful and forgiving, even though we have rebelled against him.
Deuteronomy 10:21 He is your praise; he is your God, who performed for you those great and awesome wonders you saw with your own eyes.
Deuteronomy 20:4 For the Lord your God is the one who goes with you to fight for you against your enemies to give you victory.
Deuteronomy 31:6 Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the Lord your God goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you.
Deuteronomy 31:8 The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave nor forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged.
Deuteronomy 33:27 The eternal God is your refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms. He will drive out your enemy before you, saying, ‘Destroy him!’
Deuteronomy 4:29 If you seek the Lord your God, you will find Him if you look for Him with all your heart and with all your soul.
Deuteronomy 8:18 Remember the Lord your God, for it is he who gives you the ability to produce wealth.
Deuteronomy 8:5 Know then in your heart that as a man disciplines his son, so the Lord your God disciplines you.
Ephesians 1:18-19 I pray also that...you may know the hope to which he has called you, the riches of his glorious inheritance in the saints, and his incomparably great power for us who believe.
Ephesians 1:7 In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, in accordance with the riches of God's grace.
Ephesians 2:14 He himself is our peace.
Ephesians 2:4-7,10 Because of his great love for us, God, who is rich in mercy, made us alive with Christ even when we were dead in transgression - it is by grace you have been saved. And God raised us up with Christ and seated us with him in the heavenly realms in Christ Jesus, in order that in the coming ages he might show the incomparable riches of his grace, expressed in his kindness to us in Christ Jesus...For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do.
Ephesians 3:12 In Him and through faith in Him we may approach God with freedom and confidence.
Ephesians 3:19-19 And I pray that...together with all the saints, [you may] know the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge - that you may be filled to measure of all the fullness of God.
Ephesians 5:8 For you were once darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Live as children of light.
Ephesians 1:4 He chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy and blameless in his sight.
Ephesians 5:25-27 Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her to make her holy, cleansing her by the washing with water through the word, and to present her to himself as a radiant church, without stain or wrinkle or any other blemish.
Exodus 14:13 Do not be afraid. Stand firm and you will see the deliverance the Lord will bring you.
Exodus 15:13 In your unfailing love you will lead the people you have redeemed. In your strength you will guide them to your holy dwelling.
Exodus 19:5-6 Now if you obey me fully and keep my covenant, then out of all nations you will be my treasured possession. Although the whole earth is mine, you will be for me a kingdom of priests and a holy nation.
Exodus 33:14 My Presence will go with you, and I will give you rest.
Exodus 34:24 I will drive out nations before you and enlarge your territory.
Ezekiel 34:26 I will send down showers in season; there will be showers of blessing.
Ezekiel 34:31 "You my sheep, the sheep of my pasture, are people, and I am your God," declares the Sovereign Lord."
Ezekiel 36:26 I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in you.
Ezekiel 36:9 I am concerned for you and will look on you with favor.
Galatians 3:26 You are all sons of God through faith in Christ Jesus.
Genesis 12:3 I will bless those who bless you, and whoever curses you I will curse; and all peoples on earth will be blessed through you.
Genesis 12:7 The LORD appeared to Abram and said, “To your offspring I will give this land.”
Genesis 17:7 I will establish my covenant as an everlasting covenant between me and you and your descendants after you for the generations to come, to be your God and the God of your descendants after you.
Genesis 28:15 I am with you and will watch over you wherever you go, and I will bring you back to this land. I will not leave you until I have done what I have promised.
Habakkuk 3:19 The Sovereign Lord is my strength; he makes my feet like the feet of a deer, he enables me to go on the heights.
Haggai 2:4 "Be strong, all you people of the land," declares the Lord, "and work. For I am with you."
Hebrews 10:36 You need to persevere so that when you have done the will of God, you will receive what he has promised.
Hebrews 12:10 God disciplines us for our good, that we may share in his holiness.
Hebrews 13:5 Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you.”
Hebrews 13:6 The Lord is my helper; I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?
Hebrews 6:10 God...will not forget your work and the love you have shown him as you have helped his people and continue to help them.
Hebrews 7:25 He is able to save completely those who come to God through him, because he always lives to intercede for them.
Hebrews 9:28 Christ was sacrificed once to take away the sins of many people; and he will appear a second time, not to bear sin, but to bring salvation to those who are waiting for him.
Hosea 13:14 I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from death.
Hosea 6:3 Let us acknowledge the LORD; let us press on to acknowledge him. As surely as the sun rises, he will appear; he will come to us like the winter rains, like the spring rains that water the earth.
1 Corinthians 15:51-52 We will not all sleep, but we will all be changed...the dead will be raised imperishable, and we will be changed.
1 Corinthians 3:8-9 The man who plants and the man who waters have one purpose, and each will be rewarded according to his own labor. For we are God's fellow workers.
1 Corinthians 4:3-5 I do not even judge myself...It is the Lord who judges me. Therefore judge nothing before the appointed time; wait till the Lord comes. He will bring to light what is hidden in darkness and will expose the motives of men's hearts. At that time each will receive his praise from God.
1 Corinthians 10:13 God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it.
1 Corinthians 6:11 You were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God.
1 John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.
1 John 4:10 This is love: not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins.
1 John 5:5 Who is it that overcomes the world? Only he who believes that Jesus is the Son of God.
James 1:12 Blessed is the man who perseveres under trial, because when he has stood the test, he will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love him.
James 4:10 Humble yourselves before the Lord, and he will lift you up.
James 5:13-15 Is anyone among you in trouble? Let them pray. Is anyone happy? Let them sing songs of praise. Is anyone among you sick? Let them call the elders of the church to pray over them and anoint them with oil in the name of the Lord.
John 3:16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
John 6:40 For my Father's will is that everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life, and I will raise them up at the last day.
John 7:38 Whoever believes in me, as Scripture has said, rivers of living water will flow from within them.
John 10:10 The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full.
John 14:12 Very truly I tell you, whoever believes in me will do the works I have been doing, and they will do even greater things than these, because I am going to the Father.
John 14:15 If you love me, keep my commands.
John 14:18 I will not leave you as orphans; I will come to you.
John 16:33 I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.
2 Corinthians 3:18 We, who with unveiled faces all reflect the Lord's glory, are being transformed into his likeness with ever-increasing glory, which comes from the Lord, who is the Spirit.
2 Corinthians 4:14 The one who raised the Lord Jesus from the dead will also raise us with Jesus and present us with you in his presence.
2 Corinthians 5:21 God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.
2 Corinthians 6:18 I will be a Father to you, and you will be my sons and daughters.
2 Corinthians 9:10-11 Now he who supplies seed to the sower and bread for food will also supply and increase your store of seed and will enlarge the harvest of your righteousness. You will be made rich in every way so that you can be generous on every occasion.
2 Corinthians 1:10 He will deliver us.
2 Corinthians 1:3-4 Praise be to the God...of all comfort, who comforts us in all our troubles, so that we can comfort those in any trouble with the comfort we ourselves have received from God.
2 Corinthians 9:8 God is able to make all grace abound to you, so that in all things at all times, having all you need, you will abound in every good work.
2 Corinthians 12:9 My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.
2 Peter 1:3 His divine power has given us everything we need for life and godliness through our knowledge of him.
2 Samuel 14:14 God does not take away life; instead, he devises ways so that a banished person may not remain estranged from him.
2 Samuel 22:4 I call to the Lord, who is worthy of praise, and I am saved from my enemies.
2 Thessalonians 1:6-7 God will pay back trouble to those who trouble you and give relief to you who are troubled.
2 Timothy 4:8 Now there is in store for me the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, will award to me on that day - and not only to me, but also to all who have longed for his appearing.
2 Timothy 1:12 I know whom I have believed, and am convinced that he is able to guard what I have entrusted to him for that day.
2 Timothy 2:13 if we are faithless, he will remain faithful, for he cannot disown himself.
Isaiah 1:18 Come now, let us reason together,” says the LORD. “Though your sins are like scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they are red as crimson, they shall be like wool.
Isaiah 11:4 With righteousness he will judge the needy, with justice he will give decisions for the poor of the earth.
Isaiah 12:2 Surely God is my salvation; I will trust, and not be afraid. The Lord, The Lord, is my strength and my song; he has become my salvation.
Isaiah 25:8 The Sovereign Lord will wipe away the tears from all faces.
Isaiah 26:19 But your dead will live; their bodies will rise. You who dwell in the dust, wake up and shout for joy.
Isaiah 26:3 You will keep in perfect peace him whose mind is steadfast, because he trusts in you.
Isaiah 30:15 In repentance and rest is your salvation, in quietness and trust is your strength.
Isaiah 30:21 Whether you turn to the right or to the left, your ears will hear a voice behind you, saying, "This is the way; walk in it."
Isaiah 33:22 For the Lord is our judge; the Lord is our lawgiver; the Lord is our king, it is he who will save us.
Isaiah 33:6 He will be the sure foundation for your times, a rich store of salvation and wisdom and knowledge.
Isaiah 35:10 Gladness and joy will overtake them, and sorrow and sighing will flee away.
Isaiah 35:4 Say to those with fearful hearts, "Be strong, do not fear, your God will come."
Isaiah 38:20 The LORD will save me, and we will sing with stringed instruments
Isaiah 40:11 He tends his flock like a shepherd: He gathers the lambs in his arms and carries them close to his heart; he gently leads those that have young.
Isaiah 40:28 The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth. He will not grow tired or weary, and his understanding no one can fathom. He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak.
Isaiah 40:29 I will bind up the injured and strengthen the weak.
Isaiah 40:31 Those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength.
Isaiah 41:10 I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
Isaiah 41:10 So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God.
Isaiah 41:13 I am the Lord, your God, who takes hold of your right hand and says to you, Do not fear; I will help you.
Isaiah 41:17 I, the God of Israel, will not forsake them.
Isaiah 42:16 I will turn the darkness into light.
Isaiah 43:1 Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have called you by name; you are mine.
Isaiah 43:2 When you pass through the waters, I will be with you.
Isaiah 43:25 I, even I, am he who blots out your transgressions, for my own sake, and remembers your sins no more.
Isaiah 44:22 I have swept away your offenses like a cloud, your sins like the morning mist. Return to me, for I have redeemed you.”
Isaiah 45:2 I will go before you and will level the mountains
Isaiah 49:15 I will not forget you.
Isaiah 49:25 I will contend with those who contend with you, and your children I will save.
Isaiah 50:7 Because the Sovereign LORD helps me, I will not be disgraced. Therefore have I set my face like flint, and I know I will not be put to shame.
Isaiah 51:11 Everlasting joy will crown their heads. Gladness and joy will overtake them, and sorrow and sighing will flee away.
Isaiah 51:12 “I, even I, am he who comforts you.
Isaiah 51:6 My salvation will last forever.
Isaiah 54:10 My unfailing love for you will not be shaken nor my covenant of peace be removed.
Isaiah 54:14 In righteousness you will be established: Tyranny will be far from you; you will have nothing to fear. Terror will be far removed; it will not come near you.
Isaiah 54:17 no weapon forged against you will prevail, and you will refute every tongue that accuses you. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and this is their vindication from me,” declares the LORD.
Isaiah 54:8 With everlasting kindness I will have compassion on you.
Isaiah 55:7 Let the wicked forsake his way and the evil man his thoughts. Let him turn to the LORD, and he will have mercy on him, and to our God, for he will freely pardon.
Isaiah 57:15 I, the Lord, live in a high and holy place, but also with him who is contrite and lowly in spirit, to revive the spirit of the lowly and revive the heart of the contrite.
Isaiah 57:18 I have seen his ways, but I will heal him; I will guide him and restore comfort to him.
Isaiah 57:2 Those who walk uprightly enter into peace; they find rest as they lie in death.
Isaiah 58:11 The Lord will guide you always; he will satisfy your needs in a sun-scorched land and will strengthen your frame.
Isaiah 58:11 The LORD will guide you always; he will satisfy your needs in a sun-scorched land and will strengthen your frame. You will be like a well-watered garden, like a spring whose waters never fail.
Isaiah 58:9 Then you will call, and the Lord will answer; you will cry for help, and He will say, "Here am I".
Isaiah 59:1 Surely, the arm of the Lord is not too short to save, nor his ear too dull to hear.
Isaiah 63:16 You, O Lord, are our Father, our Redeemer from of old is your name.
Isaiah 65:24 Before they call I will answer; while they are still speaking, I will hear.
James 1:12 Blessed is the man who perseveres under trial, because when he has stood the test, he will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love him.
James 1:17 Every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father...who does not change like shifting shadows.
James 1:5 If any of you lacks wisdom, he should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to him.
James 4:10 Humble yourselves before the Lord, and he will lift you up.
James 4:8 Come near to God and he will come near to you.
James 5:14-15 Is any one of you sick? he should call the elders of the church to pray over him and anoint him with oil in the name of the Lord. And the prayer offered in faith will make the sick person well; the Lord will raise him up.
Jeremiah 15:19 If you repent, I will restore you that you may serve.
Jeremiah 15:20 I am with you to rescue and save you.
Jeremiah 17:10 I the Lord search the heart and examine the mind, to reward a man according to his conduct.
Jeremiah 17:14 Heal me, O Lord, and I will be healed; save me and I will be saved, for you are the one I praise.
Jeremiah 20:13 He rescues the life of the needy from the hands of the wicked.
Jeremiah 24:7 I will give them a heart to know me, that I am the Lord. They will be my people, and I will be their God, for they will return to me with all their heart.
Jeremiah 29:11 "For I know the plans I have for you," declares the Lord, "plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future."
Jeremiah 29:13 You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart.
Jeremiah 30:11 I will discipline you, but only with justice.
Jeremiah 30:17 But I will restore you to health and heal your wounds, declares the Lord.
Jeremiah 31:13 I will give them comfort and joy instead of sorrow.
Jeremiah 31:28 "I will watch over them to build and to plant", declares the Lord.
Jeremiah 31:3-4 I have loved you with an everlasting love; I have drawn you with lovingkindness. I will build you up again.
Jeremiah 31:34 I will forgive their wickedness and will remember their sins no more.
Jeremiah 31:9 I will lead them beside streams of water on a level path where they will not stumble.
Jeremiah 32:40 I will never stop doing good to them.
Jeremiah 33:3 Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know.
Jeremiah 33:6 I will heal my people and will let them enjoy abundant peace and security.
Jeremiah 33:8 I will cleanse them from all sin they have committed against me and will forgive all their sins of rebellion against me.
Job 19:25-27 I know that my Redeemer lives, and that in the end he will stand upon the earth. And after my skin has been destroyed, yet in my flesh I will see God; I myself will see him with my own eyes - I, and not another.
Joel 2:29 Even on my servants, both men and women, I will pour out my Spirit in those days.
Joel 3:16 The Lord will be a refuge for his people.
John 1:12 To all who received him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God.
John 10:28 I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one can snatch them out of my hand.
John 11:25-26 Jesus said, "I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me will live, even though he dies; and whoever lives and believes in me will never die."
John 12:26 My Father will honor the one who serves me.
John 14:12 Anyone who has faith in me will do what I have been doing. He will do even greater things than these, because I am going to the Father.
John 14:13 I will do whatever you ask in my name, so that the Son may bring glory to the Father.
John 14:16-17 I will ask the Father, and he will give you another Counselor to be with you forever—the Spirit of Truth.
John 14:23 If anyone loves me, he will obey my teaching. My Father will love him, and we will come to him and make our home with him.
John 14:2-3 In my Father's house are many rooms; if it were not so, I would have told you. I am going there to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come back and take you to be with me that you also may be where I am.
John 14:26 The Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, will teach you all things and will remind you of everything I have said to you.
John 14:27 Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you.
John 14:3 If I go and prepare a place for you, I will come back and take you to be with me.
John 15:10-11 If you obey my commands, you will remain in my love, just as I have obeyed my Father's commands and remain in his love. I have told you this so that my joy may be in you, and that your joy may be complete.
John 15:7 If you remain in me, and my words remain in you, ask whatever you wish, and it will be given you.
John 16:13 When he, the Spirit of truth, comes, he will guide you into all truth.
John 16:22 You will rejoice, and no one will take away your joy.
John 16:24 Ask and you will receive, and your joy will be complete.
John 16:27 The Father himself loves you because you have loved me and have believed that I came from God.
John 16:33 In this world, you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world!
John 3:16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
John 3:18 Whoever believes in Jesus is not condemned.
John 3:36 Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God's wrath remains on him.
John 5:24 Whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life and will not be condemned; he has crossed over from death to life.
John 5:25 The dead will hear the voice of the Son of God and those who hear will live.
John 6:35 I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will never go hungry, and he who believes in me will never be thirsty.
John 6:37-39 All that the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never drive away. For I have come down from heaven not to do my will but to do the will of him who sent me. And this is the will of him who sent me, that I shall lose none of all that he has given me, but raise them up at the last day.
John 6:40 Everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day.
John 6:47 He who believes has everlasting life.
John 7:38-39 Whoever believes in me, as the Scripture has said, streams of living water will flow from within him. By this he meant the Spirit, whom those who believed in him were later to receive.
John 8:12 Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:34-36 Everyone who sins is a slave to sin. Now a slave has no permanent place in the family, but a son belongs to it forever. So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.
Joshua 1:9 Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be terrified; do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
Joshua 23:14 You know with all your heart and soul that not one of all the good promises the Lord your God gave you has failed. Every promise has been fulfilled; not one has failed.
Leviticus 21:8 I the LORD am holy—I who make you holy.
Leviticus 26:45 I will remember the covenant.
Luke 11:9 Ask and it will be given to you: seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
Luke 12:12 The Holy Spirit will teach you at that time what you should say.
Luke 12:8 Whoever acknowledges me before men, the Son of man will also acknowledge before the angels of God.
Luke 21:15 I will give you words and wisdom that none of your adversaries will be able to resist or contradict.
Malachi 3:17 "They will be mine," says the Lord Almighty, "in the day when I make up my treasured possession."
Malachi 3:6 "I the LORD do not change. So you, O descendants of Jacob, are not destroyed."
Mark 10:29-30 I tell you the truth, no one who has left home or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields for me and the gospel will fail to receive a hundred times as much in this present age (homes, brothers, sisters, mothers, children and fields—and with them, persecutions) and in the age to come, eternal life. But many who are first will be last, and the last first.
Mark 11:24 Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it is yours.
Matthew 10:30-31 The very hairs of your head are all numbered. So don't be afraid; you are worth more than many sparrows.
Matthew 11:28 Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 11:29 Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls.
Matthew 18:19 If two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven.
Matthew 19:28-29 At the renewal of all things, everyone who has left houses or brothers or sisters or father or mother or children of fields for my sake will receive a hundred times as much and will inherit eternal life.
Matthew 21:22 If you believe, you will receive whatever you ask for in prayer.
Matthew 28:20 Surely I will be with you always, to the very end of the age.
Matthew 5:10 Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:4 Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted.
Matthew 5:7 Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.
Matthew 5:9 Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called sons of God.
Matthew 6:4 Your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you.
Matthew 7:7 Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
Matthew 7:8 Everyone who asks receives; he who seeks finds; and to him who knocks, the door will be opened.
Matthew 7:9-11 Which of you, if his son asks for bread, will give him a stone? Or if he asks for a fish, will give him a snake? If you, then, though you are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give good gifts to those who ask Him?
Micah 4:2 He will teach us his ways, so that we may walk in his paths.
Micah 7:18-19 Who is a God like you, who pardons sin and forgives the transgression of the remnant of his inheritance? You do not stay angry forever but delight to show mercy. You will again have compassion on us; you will tread our sins underfoot and hurl all our iniquities into the depths of the sea.
Micah 7:7 But as for me, I watch in hope for the Lord, I wait for God my Savior; my God will hear me.
Nahum 1:7 He cares for those who trust in him.
Nehemiah 8:10 The joy of the Lord is your strength.
Numbers 14:9 The Lord is with us.
Numbers 6:24-26 The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make his face to shine upon you and be gracious to you; the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace.
Philippians 3:21 The Lord Jesus Christ, who, by the power that enables him to bring everything under his control, will transform our lowly bodies so that they will be like his glorious body.
Philippians 1:6 He who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:19 God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:6-7 Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:9 Whatever you have learned or received or heard from me, or seen in me - put it into practice. And the God of peace will be with you.
Proverbs 15:29 The Lord is far from the wicked but He hears the prayer of the righteous.
Proverbs 16:9 In his heart a man plans his course, but the Lord determines his steps.
Proverbs 19:17 He who is kind to the poor lends to the Lord, and he will reward him for what he has done.
Proverbs 2:6 The Lord gives wisdom, and from his mouth come knowledge and understanding.
Proverbs 3:5-6 Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight.
Psalm 10:14 But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; you consider it to take it in hand. The victim commits himself to you; you are the helper of the fatherless.
Psalm 100:5 The Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations.
Psalm 103:12-14 As far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our transgressions from us. As a father has compassion on his children, so the Lord has compassion on those who fear him; for he knows how we are formed, he remembers that we are dust.
Psalm 103:17 From everlasting to everlasting the Lord's love is with those who fear him.
Psalm 103:3 He forgives all my sins and heals all my diseases.
Psalm 103:6 The Lord works righteousness and justice for all the oppressed.
Psalm 107:9 He satisfies the thirsty and fills the hungry with good things.
Psalm 111:5 He provides food for those who fear him.
Psalm 112:5 Good will come to him who is generous and lends freely.
Psalm 115:12 The Lord remembers us and will bless us.
Psalm 115:13 He will bless those who fear the Lord, who walk in his ways.
Psalm 116:15 Precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of his saints.
Psalm 116:6 The Lord protects the simplehearted.
Psalm 119:165 Great peace have they who love your law, and nothing can make them stumble.
Psalm 119:50 Your promise renews my life.
Psalm 12:7 Lord, you will keep us safe and protect us...forever.
Psalm 121:2-3 My help comes from the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth. He will not let your foot slip - he who watches over you will not slumber.
Psalm 126:5-6 Those who sow in tears will reap with songs of joy. He who goes out weeping, carrying seed to sow, will return with songs of joy, carrying sheaves with him.
Psalm 130:3-4 If you, O Lord, kept a record of sins, O Lord, who could stand? But with you there is forgiveness.
Psalm 130:7 With the Lord is unfailing love and with him is full redemption.
Psalm 138:7 Though I walk in the midst of trouble, you preserve my life; you stretch out your hand against the anger of my foes, with your right hand you save me.
Psalm 138:8 The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me.
Psalm 142:3 When my spirit grows faint within me, it is you who knows my way.
Psalm 145:14 The LORD upholds all those who fall and lifts up all who are bowed down.
Psalm 145:18 The Lord is near to all who call on him, to all who call on him in truth.
Psalm 145:19 He fulfills the desires of those who fear him.
Psalm 147:6 The Lord sustains the humble but casts the wicked to the ground.
Psalm 16:11 You have made known to me the path of life; you will fill me with joy in your presence, with eternal pleasures at your right hand.
Psalm 17:15 When I awake, I will be satisfied with seeing your likeness.
Psalm 18:27-28 You save the humble but bring low those whose eyes are haughty.
Psalm 18:30 As for God, his way is perfect; the word of the Lord is flawless. He is a shield for all who take refuge in him.
Psalm 23:1 The Lord is my shepherd, I shall lack nothing.
Psalm 23:2 He makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters.
Psalm 23:3 He restores my soul. He guides me in paths of righteousness for his name’s sake.
Psalm 23:4 Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Psalm 23:5 You anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows.
Psalm 23:5 You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies.
Psalm 23:6 Surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever.
Psalm 25:9 He guides the humble in what is right and teaches them his way.
Psalm 27:10 Though my father and mother forsake me, the Lord will receive me.
Psalm 27:5 In the day of trouble he will keep me safe in his dwelling; he will hide me in the shelter of his tabernacle and set me high upon a rock.
Psalm 28:7 The Lord is my strength and my shield; my heart trusts in him.
Psalm 29:11 The Lord gives strength to his people; the Lord blesses his people with peace.
Psalm 3:3 You are a shield around me, O Lord, my Glorious One, who lifts up my head.
Psalm 30:5 Weeping may remain for a night, but rejoicing comes in the morning.
Psalm 31:19 How great is your goodness, which you have stored up for those who fear you, which you bestow in the sight of men on those who take refuge in you.
Psalm 31:23 The Lord preserves the faithful.
Psalm 32:10 Many are the woes of the wicked, but the Lord's unfailing love surrounds the man who trusts in him.
Psalm 32:5-6 I acknowledged my sin to you and did not cover up my iniquity. I said, "I will confess my transgressions to the Lord" - and you forgave the guilt of my sin.
Psalm 32:8 I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go.
Psalm 33:18 But the eyes of the Lord are on those who fear him, on those whose hope is in his unfailing love.
Psalm 34:17 The righteous cry out and the Lord hears them.
Psalm 34:19 A righteous man may have many troubles, but the Lord delivers him from them all.
Psalm 34:22 The Lord redeems his servants; no one who takes refuge in him will be condemned.
Psalm 37:10-11 A little while, and the wicked will be no more; though you look for them, they will not be found. But the meek will inherit the land and enjoy great peace.
Psalm 37:28 For the Lord loves the just and will not forsake his faithful one. They will be protected forever.
Psalm 37:34 Wait for the Lord and keep His way. He will exalt you to possess the land.
Psalm 37:40 The Lord helps them and delivers them; he delivers them from the wicked and saves them, because they take refuge in him.
Psalm 4:3 Know that the Lord has set apart the godly for himself; the Lord will hear when I call to him.
Psalm 4:8 I will lie down and sleep in peace, for you alone, O Lord, make me dwell in safety.
Psalm 41:1 Blessed is he who has regard for the weak; the Lord delivers him in his times of trouble.
Psalm 41:3 The Lord will sustain him on his sickbed.
Psalm 46:1 God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble.
Psalm 46:7 The Lord Almighty is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress.
Psalm 48:14 For this God is our God for ever and ever; he will be our guide even to the end.
Psalm 5:12 For surely, O LORD, you bless the righteous; you surround them with your favor as with a shield.
Psalm 50:15 Call upon me in the day of trouble; I will deliver you, and you will honor me.
Psalm 54:4 Surely God is my help; the Lord is the one who sustains me.
Psalm 55:18 He ransoms me unharmed from the battle waged against me, even though many oppose me.
Psalm 55:22 Cast your cares on the Lord and he will sustain you.
Psalm 57:3 God sends his love and faithfulness.
Psalm 63:8 I stay close to you; your right hand upholds me.
Psalm 65:2,5 O you who hear prayer, to you all men will come...You answer us with awesome deeds of righteousness, O God our Savior.
Psalm 67:7 God will bless us, and all the ends of the earth will fear him.
Psalm 68:19 Praise be to the Lord, to God our Savior, who daily bears our burdens.
Psalm 68:5 A father to the fatherless, a defender of widows, is God in his holy dwelling.
Psalm 68:7 In the day of my trouble I will call to you, for you will answer me.
Psalm 72:13 He will take pity on the weak and the needy and save the needy from death.
Psalm 73:23 I am always with you; you hold me by my right hand.
Psalm 73:24 You guide me with your counsel, and afterward you will take me into glory.
Psalm 73:25-26 Whom have I in heaven but you? And being with you, I desire nothing on earth. My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever.
Psalm 84:11 For the Lord God is a sun and shield; the Lord bestows favor and honor; no good thing does he withhold from those whose walk is blameless.
Psalm 85:12 The Lord will indeed give what is good.
Psalm 85:2 You forgave the iniquity of your people and covered all their sins.
Psalm 85:8 He promises peace to his people, his saints.
Psalm 86:5 You are kind and forgiving, O Lord, abounding in love to all who call to you.
Psalm 89:21 My hand will sustain him; surely my arm will strengthen him.
Psalm 89:33 I will not take my love from him, nor will I ever betray my faithfulness.
Psalm 91:11 For he will command his angels concerning you to guard you in all your ways;
Psalm 91:14 "Because he loves me," says the Lord, "I will rescue him; I will protect him for he acknowledges my name."
Psalm 91:4 He will cover you with his feathers, and under his wings you will find refuge; his faithfulness will be your shield and rampart.
Psalm 91:9-10 If you make the Most High your dwelling - even the Lord, who is my refuge - then no harm will befall you, no disaster will come near.
Psalm 94:12-14 Blessed is the man you discipline, O Lord, the man you teach from your law; you grant him relief from the days of trouble, till a pit is dug for the wicked. For the Lord will not reject his people; he will never forsake his inheritance.
Psalm 97:11 Light is shed upon the righteous and joy on the upright in heart.
Psalm 121:3 He will not allow your foot to be moved; He who keeps you will not slumber.
Psalm 145:18 The Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon Him, to all that call upon Him in truth.
Psalm 55:16-17 As for me, I will call upon God; and the Lord shall save me. Evening and morning, and at noon, will I pray, and cry aloud: and He shall hear my voice.
Psalm 55:22 Cast thy burden upon the Lord, and He shall sustain thee: He shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.
Psalm 86:1,3,4,5 Bow down Your ear, O Lord, hear me; For I am poor and needy. Be merciful to me, O Lord, for I cry to You all day long. Rejoice the soul of Your servant, for to You, O Lord, I lift up my soul. For You, Lord, are good, and ready to forgive, and abundant in mercy to all those who call upon You.
Revelation 1:6 Jesus has made us to be a kingdom and priests to serve his God and Father.
Revelation 1:9 The suffering and kingdom and patient endurance...are ours in Jesus.
Revelation 21:3-4 God himself will be with them and be their God. He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.
Romans 10:11-13 As the Scripture says, "Everyone who trusts in him will never be put to shame." For there is no difference between Jew and Gentile - the same Lord is Lord of all and richly blesses all who call on him, for "Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved."
Romans 16:20 The God of peace will soon crush Satan under your feet. The grace of our Lord Jesus be with you.
Romans 2:7 To those who by persistence in doing good seek glory, honor and immortality, he will give eternal life.
Romans 4:5 To the man who does not work but trusts God who justifies the wicked, his faith is credited as righteousness.
Romans 5:1-2 Since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand.
Romans 6:20,22 When you were slaves to sin, you were free from the control of righteousness...But now that you have been set free from sin and have become slaves to God, the benefit you reap leads to holiness, and the result is eternal life.
Romans 6:5 If we have been united with him in his death, we will certainly also be united with him in his resurrection.
Romans 8:1 Therefore, there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus.
Romans 8:11 If the Spirit of him who raised Jesus from the dead is living in you, he who raised Christ from the dead will also give life to your mortal bodies through his Spirit, who lives in you.
Romans 8:15 For you did not receive a spirit that makes you a slave again to fear, but you received the Spirit of sonship.
Romans 8:26-27 The Spirit helps us in our weakness. We do not know what we ought to pray, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groans that words cannot express. And he who searches our hearts knows the mind of the Spirit, because the Spirit intercedes for the saints in accordance with God's will.
Romans 8:28 In all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
Romans 8:32 He who did not spare his own Son, but gave him up for us all-how will he not also, along with him, graciously give us all things?
Romans 8:38-39 Neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Romans 9:16 It does not, therefore, depend on man's desire or effort, but on God's mercy.
Zechariah 13:9 They will call on my name and I will answer them; I will say, "They are my people" and they will say, "The Lord is our God."
Zechariah 2:10 “Shout and be glad, O Daughter of Zion. For I am coming, and I will live among you,” declares the LORD.
Zechariah 8:13 So will I save you, and you will be a blessing.
Zephaniah 3:17 He will take great delight in you, he will quiet you with his love, he will rejoice over you with singing.
1 Corinthians 13:4-6 Love is patient, love is kind; love does not envy or boast; it is not arrogant or rude. It does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; it does not rejoice at wrongdoing, but rejoices with the truth.
Psalm 23:1 The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
1 Thessalonians 5:18 Give thanks in all circumstances.
1 Corinthians 16:14 Let all that you do be done in love.
Luke 6:31 Do to others as you would have them do to you.
Psalm 31:24 Be strong and take heart, all you who hope in the Lord.
Psalm 119:105 Your word is a lamp for my feet, a light on my path.
Philippians 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice!
Colossians 3:2 Set your minds on things above, not on earthly things.
Matthew 5:14 You are the light of the world. A town built on a hill cannot be hidden.
Psalm 136:1 Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good. His love endures forever.
Proverbs 3:5 Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
1 John 4:19 We love because he first loved us.
Romans 12:12 Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.
Luke 1:37 For nothing will be impossible for God.
Hebrews 13:25 Grace be with you all.
Psalm 9:9 The Lord is a refuge for the oppressed, a stronghold in times of trouble.
Psalm 149:4 For the Lord takes delight in his people; he crowns the humble with victory.
Psalm 37:34 Hope in the Lord and keep his way.
Proverbs 12:25 Anxiety weighs down the heart, but a kind word cheers it up.
1 Peter 4:8 Above all, keep loving one another earnestly, since love covers a multitude of sins.
John 13:34 A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another: just as I have loved you, you also are to love one another.
1 John 4:8 Whoever does not love does not know God, because God is love.
1 Thessalonians 3:12 And may the Lord make you increase and abound in love for one another and for all, as we do for you.
Mark 12:31 The second is this: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.
1 Corinthians 13:13 And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
Romans 12:10 Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourselves.
1 John 4:16 And so we know and rely on the love God has for us. God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in them.
Jeremiah 31:3 I have loved you with an everlasting love; I have drawn you with unfailing kindness.
Psalm 100:5 For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations.
Romans 13:8 Let no debt remain outstanding, except the continuing debt to love one another, for whoever loves others has fulfilled the law.
1 Chronicles 16:34 Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his love endures forever.
1 John 3:18 Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth.
Proverbs 3:3 Let love and faithfulness never leave you; bind them around your neck, write them on the tablet of your heart.
Song of Solomon 8:6-7 Place me like a seal over your heart, like a seal on your arm; for love is as strong as death, its jealousy unyielding as the grave. It burns like blazing fire, like a mighty flame.
Psalm 52:8 But I am like an olive tree flourishing in the house of God; I trust in God’s unfailing love forever and ever.
1 Corinthians 16:14 Everything should be done in love.
Romans 8:38-39 For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Psalm 36:5-6 Your love, Lord, reaches to the heavens, your faithfulness to the skies. Your righteousness is like the highest mountains, your justice like the great deep.
Proverbs 10:12 Hatred stirs up quarrels, but love makes up for all offenses.
Matthew 5:44 But I say to you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you.
1 John 4:12 No one has ever seen God; if we love one another, God abides in us and his love is perfected in us.
Micah 7:7 But as for me, I watch in hope for the Lord, I wait for God my Savior; my God will hear me.
Psalm 62:5-6 Yes, my soul, find rest in God; my hope comes from him. Truly he is my rock and my salvation; he is my fortress, I will not be shaken.
Mark 12:30 And you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength.
2 Peter 1:5-7 For this very reason, make every effort to add to your faith goodness; and to goodness, knowledge; and to knowledge, self-control; and to self-control, perseverance; and to perseverance, godliness; and to godliness, mutual affection; and to mutual affection, love.
1 Peter 5:6-7 Humble yourselves, therefore, under God’s mighty hand, that he may lift you up in due time. Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.
Psalm 23:6 Surely your goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
John 20:29 Then Jesus told him, ‘Because you have seen me, you have believed; blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed.’
2 Corinthians 5:7 For we walk by faith, not by sight.
Psalm 27:13-14 I remain confident of this, I will see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living. Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord.
Isaiah 40:31 But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint.
Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen.
Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, not a result of works, so that no one may boast.
John 11:40 Then Jesus said, “Did I not tell you that if you believe, you will see the glory of God?”
John 7:38 Whoever believes in me, as Scripture has said, rivers of living water will flow from within them.
Romans 5:1 Therefore, since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ.
Philippians 4:6-7 Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God.
Matthew 17:20 Truly I tell you, if you have faith as small as a mustard seed, you can say to this mountain, ‘Move from here to there,’ and it will move. Nothing will be impossible for you.
Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, not a result of works, so that no one may boast.
Mark 9:23 Everything is possible for one who believes.
John 16:33 I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.
Psalm 27:1 The Lord is my light and my salvation— whom shall I fear? The Lord is the stronghold of my life— of whom shall I be afraid?
2 Timothy 4:7 I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.
Psalm 23:4 Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil, for you are with me.
Numbers 6:24-26 The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make his face shine on you and be gracious to you; the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace.
Mark 11:24 Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.
James 3:13 Who is wise and understanding among you? Let them show it by their good life, by deeds done in the humility that comes from wisdom.
2 Peter 1:5-7 For this very reason, make every effort to add to your faith goodness; and to goodness, knowledge; and to knowledge, self-control; and to self-control, perseverance; and to perseverance, godliness; and to godliness, mutual affection; and to mutual affection, love.






You said:
finish the rest
ChatGPT said:
ChatGPT
Here are the rest of the Bible verses, formatted according to your request:

1 Peter 3:15 But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect.
Romans 8:28 And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone, the new is here!
Isaiah 41:10 So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
John 14:6 Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.”
Romans 12:2 Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will.
Matthew 28:19 Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Jeremiah 29:11 For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the Lord, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you a hope and a future.
Psalm 34:8 Taste and see that the Lord is good; blessed is the one who takes refuge in him.
2 Corinthians 12:9 But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses, so that the power of Christ may rest upon me.
Matthew 11:28 Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.
Philippians 4:13 I can do all this through him who gives me strength.
Matthew 6:33 But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.
Luke 6:38 Give, and it will be given to you. A good measure, pressed down, shaken together and running over, will be poured into your lap. For with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.
Romans 15:13 May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
James 1:5 If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask of God, who gives to all liberally and without reproach, and it will be given to him.
Philippians 1:6 Being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
1 John 5:4 For everyone born of God overcomes the world. This is the victory that has overcome the world, even our faith.
John 16:33 I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.
Romans 5:8 But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Hebrews 4:16 Let us then approach God’s throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need.
Proverbs 3:6 In all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight.
Psalm 118:24 The Lord has done it this very day; let us rejoice today and be glad.
John 8:32 Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Isaiah 55:8-9 “For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways,” declares the Lord. “As the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts.”
Romans 3:23 For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.
John 3:16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Matthew 5:16 Let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.
2 Corinthians 9:7 Each of you should give what you have decided in your heart to give, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.
2 Corinthians 5:21 God made him who had no sin to be sin for us, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.
Romans 10:9 If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
John 14:15 If you love me, keep my commands.
1 Corinthians 10:13 No temptation has overtaken you except what is common to mankind. And God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can endure it.
Ephesians 3:20 Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us.
Psalm 103:1-2 Praise the Lord, my soul; all my inmost being, praise his holy name. Praise the Lord, my soul, and forget not all his benefits—
Isaiah 40:29 He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak.
Matthew 19:26 Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”
Romans 8:1 Therefore, there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus,
Romans 8:18 I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us.
John 4:24 God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth.
Galatians 5:22-23 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
Luke 1:37 For no word from God will ever fail.
Romans 12:12 Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.
1 Corinthians 13:4-7 Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
Philippians 4:6-7 Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
Proverbs 4:23 Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18 Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.
Romans 8:39 Neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Hebrews 13:5 Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have, because God has said, “Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you.”
Psalm 23:1 The Lord is my shepherd, I lack nothing.
John 15:13 Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends.
Philippians 4:19 And my God will meet all your needs according to the riches of his glory in Christ Jesus.
Romans 10:13 For everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.
1 Peter 5:7 Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.
Isaiah 40:31 But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint.
Psalm 119:105 Your word is a lamp for my feet, a light on my path.
Matthew 7:7 Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
Mark 9:23 “‘If you can’?” said Jesus. “Everything is possible for one who believes.”
2 Timothy 1:7 For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline.
Proverbs 3:5-6 Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight.
John 8:36 So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.
Luke 12:31 But seek his kingdom, and these things will be given to you as well.
Psalm 55:22 Cast your cares on the Lord and he will sustain you; he will never let the righteous be shaken.
Romans 12:10 Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourselves.
Matthew 5:14-16 You are the light of the world. A town built on a hill cannot be hidden. Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead, they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. In the same way, let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.
1 Corinthians 13:13 And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.
Revelation 21:4 ‘He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death’ or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.
1 John 4:19 We love because he first loved us.
2 Timothy 4:7 I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.
Proverbs 16:3 Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and he will establish your plans.
Galatians 6:9 Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.
Luke 10:27 He answered, “Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind”; and, “Love your neighbor as yourself.”
Psalm 46:10 Be still, and know that I am God.
Romans 15:5 May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you the same attitude of mind toward each other that Christ Jesus had.
2 Samuel 22:31 As for God, his way is perfect: The Lord’s word is flawless; he shields all who take refuge in him.
Psalm 11:14 The Lord is in his holy temple; the Lord is on his heavenly throne. He observes everyone on earth; his eyes examine them.
Psalm 37:23-24 The Lord makes firm the steps of the one who delights in him; though he may stumble, he will not fall, for the Lord upholds him with his hand.
Genesis 1:1 In the beginning when God created the heavens and the earth,
John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
John 1:14 And the Word became flesh and lived among us, and we have seen his glory, the glory as of a father's only son, full of grace and truth.
John 3:16 "For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life.
Romans 3:23 since all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God;
Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Romans 5:8 But God proves his love for us in that while we still were sinners Christ died for us.
Romans 10:9 because if you confess with your lips that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
Romans 10:10 For one believes with the heart and so is justified, and one confesses with the mouth and so is saved.
2 Timothy 3:16 All scripture is inspired by God and is useful for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness,
Joshua 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of your mouth; you shall meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to act in accordance with all that is written in it. For then you shall make your way prosperous, and then you shall be successful.
Psalm 119:11 I treasure your word in my heart, so that I may not sin against you.
Deuteronomy 6:6 Keep these words that I am commanding you today in your heart.
Deuteronomy 6:7 Recite them to your children and talk about them when you are at home and when you are away, when you lie down and when you rise.
Hebrews 4:12 Indeed, the word of God is living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing until it divides soul from spirit, joints from marrow; it is able to judge the thoughts and intentions of the heart.
Hebrews 4:16 Let us therefore approach the throne of grace with boldness, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help in time of need.
1 John 5:14 And this is the boldness we have in him, that if we ask anything according to his will, he hears us.
1 John 5:15 And if we know that he hears us in whatever we ask, we know that we have obtained the requests made of him.
1 John 5:11 And this is the testimony: God gave us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
1 John 5:12 Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life.
John 14:1 "Do not let your hearts be troubled. Believe in God, believe also in me.
John 14:2 In my Father's house there are many dwelling places. If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you?
John 14:3 And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself, so that where I am, there you may be also.
John 14:6 Jesus said to him, "I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
John 14:27 Peace I leave with you; my peace I give to you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled, and do not let them be afraid.
Isaiah 26:3 Those of steadfast mind you keep in peace-- in peace because they trust in you.
Isaiah 53:5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, crushed for our iniquities; upon him was the punishment that made us whole, and by his bruises we are healed.
Isaiah 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have all turned to our own way, and the LORD has laid on him the iniquity of us all.
1 Peter 1:3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! By his great mercy he has given us a new birth into a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,
Psalm 100:4 Mighty King, lover of justice, you have established equity; you have executed justice and righteousness in Jacob.
Psalm 100:5 Extol the LORD our God; worship at his footstool. Holy is he!
Revelation 4:11 "You are worthy, our Lord and God, to receive glory and honor and power, for you created all things, and by your will they existed and were created."
Matthew 6:33 but if your eye is unhealthy, your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light in you is darkness, how great is the darkness!
Romans 8:28 We know that all things work together for good for those who love God, who are called according to his purpose.
Jeremiah 29:11 For surely I know the plans I have for you, says the LORD, plans for your welfare and not for harm, to give you a future with hope.
1 John 1:7 but if we walk in the light as he himself is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin.
1 John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he who is faithful and just will forgive us our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Proverbs 3:5 Trust in the LORD with all your heart, and do not rely on your own insight.
Proverbs 3:6 In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make straight your paths.
1 Corinthians 10:13 No testing has overtaken you that is not common to everyone. God is faithful, and he will not let you be tested beyond your strength, but with the testing he will also provide the way out so that you may be able to endure it.
Psalm 55:22 Cast your burden on the LORD, and he will sustain you; he will never permit the righteous to be moved.
1 Peter 5:7 Cast all your anxiety on him, because he cares for you.
2 Chronicles 7:14 if my people who are called by my name humble themselves, pray, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin and heal their land.
Romans 12:1 I appeal to you therefore, brothers and sisters, by the mercies of God, to present your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable to God, which is your spiritual worship.
Romans 12:2 Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your minds, so that you may discern what is the will of God--what is good and acceptable and perfect.
Romans 12:11 Do not lag in zeal, be ardent in spirit, serve the Lord.
Romans 12:12 Rejoice in hope, be patient in suffering, persevere in prayer.
Romans 12:18 If it is possible, so far as it depends on you, live peaceably with all.
2 Corinthians 9:7 Happy are your people! Happy are these your servants, who continually attend you and hear your wisdom!
Hebrews 10:25 not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another, and all the more as you see the Day approaching.
Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge; fools despise wisdom and instruction.
Proverbs 15:1 A soft answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.
Ephesians 5:18 Do not get drunk with wine, for that is debauchery; but be filled with the Spirit,
Ephesians 5:19 as you sing psalms and hymns and spiritual songs among yourselves, singing and making melody to the Lord in your hearts,
Ephesians 5:20 giving thanks to God the Father at all times and for everything in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 5:21 Be subject to one another out of reverence for Christ.
Galatians 5:22 By contrast, the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, generosity, faithfulness,
Galatians 5:23 gentleness, and self-control. There is no law against such things.
Psalm 118:24 This is the day that the LORD has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Isaiah 55:12 For you shall go out in joy, and be led back in peace; the mountains and the hills before you shall burst into song, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands.
Psalm 37:4 Take delight in the LORD, and he will give you the desires of your heart.
Psalm 4:7 You have put gladness in my heart, more than when their grain and wine abound.
Psalm 16:11 You show me the path of life. In your presence there is fullness of joy; in your right hand are pleasures forevermore.
Psalm 126:5 Those who sow in tears will reap with songs of joy.
Romans 15:13 May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that you may abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Philippians 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord always; again I will say, Rejoice.
Psalm 118:24 This is the day that the LORD has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Isaiah 55:12 For you shall go out in joy, and be led back in peace; the mountains and the hills before you shall burst into song, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands.
Psalm 37:4 Take delight in the LORD, and he will give you the desires of your heart.
Psalm 4:7 You have put gladness in my heart, more than when their grain and wine abound.
Psalm 16:11 You show me the path of life. In your presence there is fullness of joy; in your right hand are pleasures forevermore.
Psalm 126:5 Those who sow in tears will reap with songs of joy.
Romans 15:13 May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that you may abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Philippians 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord always; again I will say, Rejoice.